Publish peirong's blogpost (#50)
Holmusk/holmusk.github.io: blog/2021-05-05-are-functions-everything-in-haskell.md

Another thing that makes Haskell special is the soundness of its type
checks. Wait, you go. Don't all strongly-typed languages enforce types
by definition? Well, not exactly. Most people who start learning Haskell
usually have some experience with strongly-typed languages like Java.
But because of the need for backward-compatibility, generic types --
basically types that can change depending on the use-case -- are
"erased" during compilation. That means that you can assign
wrongly-typed variables on purpose and the Java compiler will not catch
it until the variable hits some function expecting something else during
runtime and explodes! [^2]

```java
static String firstOfFirst(List<String>... strings) {
    List<Integer> ints = Collections.singletonList(42);
    Object[] objects = strings;
    objects[0] = ints; // Heap pollution

    return strings[0].get(0); // ClassCastException
}
```

*Figure 3: Example of ClassCastException (explosion) in Java*

Haskell is able to avoid this by staying true to the meaning of types
and not budging on type checks. This means a String ***[IS
A]{.underline}*** String. It is not "similar" to another type like Text

> or a subclass of Object because such ideas don't exist!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
or a subclass of Object because Haskell's type system doesn't support subtyping!
```

> or a subclass of Object because such ideas don't exist!

Reviewer 2: In the second paragraph you format _Maybe_ and _IO_ italics, perhaps String, Text should be italics too? How Object relates to this?

Once you understand everything is based on monads and the types of the
monads mean only ONE thing, I think you are well on your way to
dissecting a full-fledged Haskell codebase. Just keep in mind: whenever
you are frustrated at trying to figure out what the type is, take a deep
breath and hark back to the days when you received a value of

> *undefined* in React.

Reviewer 2: _undefined_ is not React specific, like monads are not specific to let's say Miso. _undefined_ is JavaScript related.
